README.md, before:

# Cowsay for Brackets
An extension for [Brackets](https://github.com/adobe/brackets/) to generate
a cow saying very profound and silly things.

### How to Install
1. Select **Brackets > File > Install Extension...**
2. Paste https://github.com/lkcampbell/brackets-cowsay into Extension URL field.
3. Click on the **Install** button.

### How to Use Cowsay
Type `cowsay` and press the **Tab** key.

You can also add options to the `cowsay` command with an underscore character
followed by the option name. For example: `cowsay_help`. Using an unrecognized
option will insert an error message into the document.  Using more than one 
underscore character in a row (e.g. `cowsay___help`) will insert an error message
into the document.

##### List of Current Options
**_?, _help:** Displays help for the Cowsay extension.  If this option is used,
you will not be able to enter any text and no cow will be generated.  All other
options will be ignored.

### Roadmap
Add in modal UI for user to type in text for the cow to say

Add word wrap option

Option for cow to think instead of speak

HTML option to wrap cow in `pre` tags

Options to change the cow's eyes and tongue

Option to load different animals

Option to load different files of things that the cow says

### License and Credits
MIT-licensed -- see `main.js` for details.

Based off of Fabio Crisci's [Cowsay Node Module](https://github.com/piuccio/cowsay)...

which was based off of the original Perl project by
[Tony Monroe](http://www.nog.net/~tony/): [cowsay](https://github.com/schacon/cowsay)

### Compatibility
Brackets Sprint 23 or later.

Commit message:

Temporary UI to enter in user text

README.md, after:

<pre>
 _____________________
&lt; Cowsay for Brackets &gt; 
 ---------------------
        \   ^__^
         \  (oo)\_______
            (__)\       )\/\
                ||----w |
                ||     ||
</pre>
An extension for [Brackets](https://github.com/adobe/brackets/) to generate
a cow saying very profound and silly things.

### How to Install
1. Select **Brackets > File > Install Extension...**
2. Paste https://github.com/lkcampbell/brackets-cowsay into Extension URL field.
3. Click on the **Install** button.

### How to Use Cowsay
Type `cowsay` and press the **Tab** key.  Enter your text into the dialog box
and click OK.

You can also add options to the `cowsay` command with an underscore character
followed by the option name. For example: `cowsay_help`. Using an unrecognized
option will insert an error message into the document.  Using more than one 
underscore character in a row (e.g. `cowsay___help`) will insert an error message
into the document.

##### List of Current Options
**_?, _help:** Displays help for the Cowsay extension.  If this option is used,
you will not be able to enter any text and no cow will be generated.  All other
options will be ignored.

### Roadmap
Add in modal UI for user to type in text for the cow to say

Add word wrap option

Option for cow to think instead of speak

HTML option to wrap cow in `pre` tags

Options to change the cow's eyes and tongue

Option to load different animals

Option to load different files of things that the cow says

### License and Credits
MIT-licensed -- see `main.js` for details.

Based off of Fabio Crisci's [Cowsay Node Module](https://github.com/piuccio/cowsay)...

which was based off of the original Perl project by
[Tony Monroe](http://www.nog.net/~tony/): [cowsay](https://github.com/schacon/cowsay)

### Compatibility
Brackets Sprint 23 or later.
